docs(storybook): docs cleanup (#6495)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: 2nd-gen/packages/swc/.storybook/guides/customization/getting-started.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: It is strongly encouraged to use a Spectrum color token, which has the built-in capability to adapt to light and dark theme contexts.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that if you're re-processing the stylesheet through PostCSS and using PostCSS Preset Env,  you'll need to use the options below. Otherwise, you'll encounter issues with these features, as the transpilation is not successful for applied use across shadow DOM.
```

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Customization/Getting started" />

# Getting started

> For installing the package, adding the base stylesheet, and rendering your first component, see [Get started](/docs/get-started--docs). This page covers customization specifics once that basic setup is in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For guidance about how to install the package, add the base stylesheet, and render your first component, see [Get started](/docs/get-started--docs). This page covers specifics about customization once a basic setup is in place.
```
Maybe "basic structure"? 🤷

}
```

**Note**: It is strongly encouraged to use a Spectrum color token, which has the built-in capability to adapt to light and dark theme contexts.

## PostCSS Options

> Please note that if you're re-processing the stylesheet through PostCSS and using PostCSS Preset Env,  you'll need to use the options below. Otherwise, you'll encounter issues with these features, as the transpilation is not successful for applied use across shadow DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that if you're re-processing the stylesheet through PostCSS and using PostCSS Preset Env, you'll need to use the options below. Otherwise, you'll encounter issues with these features, as the transpilation is not successful for applied use across shadow DOM.
```
Deleting the extra space here
